Support GitHub Codespaces, fixes #3914 (#4476)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/install/ddev-installation.md

=== "Codespaces"

    ## GitHub Codespaces

    DDEV is fully supported in [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces)

    * Open your project in Codespaces.
    * Create or edit to your `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` with features as shown:

    ```json
    {
        "features": {
            "ghcr.io/devcontainers/features/docker-in-docker:1": {},
            "ghcr.io/drud/ddev/install-ddev:latest": {}
        }
    }
    ```

>     * Rebuild the dev container. (`cmd` or `ctrl` `shift` `P` and search for "rebuild")

Author: I wasn't sure if we had any examples of odd keyboard commands (or should just skip them). But it took me a little while to learn this shortcut, which is great. Mac, cmd-shift-P, elsewhere ctrl-shift-P. Not sure how to say that. Hope you can try it out.

    It can be complicated to get private databases and files into Gitpod, so in addition to the launchers, the [`git` provider example](https://github.com/drud/ddev/blob/master/pkg/ddevapp/dotddev_assets/providers/git.yaml.example) demonstrates pulling a database and files without complex setup or permissions. This was created explicitly for Gitpod integration, because in Gitpod you typically already have access to private Git repositories, which are a fine place to put a starter database and files. Although [ddev-gitpod-launcher](https://drud.github.io/ddev-gitpod-launcher/) and the web extension provide the capability, you may want to integrate a Git provider—or one of the [other providers](https://github.com/drud/ddev/tree/master/pkg/ddevapp/dotddev_assets/providers)—for each project.

=== "Codespaces"

    ## GitHub Codespaces

>     DDEV is fully supported in [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces)

Reviewer: At first I just added a period, but then I realized it might be useful to explain _why_ you might want to run DDEV in a GitHub Codespace:

```suggestion
    You can use DDEV in remote [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces), skipping the requirement to run Docker locally.
```

>     To run DDEV in codespaces you'll need to create a codespaces instance for your repo and add a `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` to it as shown below. There are at least two ways to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Start by [creating a new codespace](https://github.com/codespaces/new) for your project, or open an existing one. Next, edit the project configuration to add Docker-in-Docker support along with DDEV. Pick **one** of these methods:
```

>     1. On your project repo on github.com click `Code → Codespaces → ... → Configure dev container` to create or edit a `devcontainer.json`. Edit or create the file to add the features shown in the example.

Reviewer: Turn number into bullet since these are not sequential steps but alternate options. Re-style to follow documentation conventions and clarify expected UI path:

```suggestion
    * Visit your project’s GitHub repository and click the _Code_ dropdown → _Codespaces_ tab → _..._ to the right of “Codespaces” → _Configure dev container_. This will open a `devcontainer.json` file you can edit with the details below.
```

        ![codespaces dev container](../../../images/codespaces_devcontainer.jpg)

>     2. Open your project in Codespaces and edit the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`, then rebuild the container, using VS Code’s “Rebuild container” action. (<kbd>⌘</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on a Mac or <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on Windows, then search for “rebuild”.)

Reviewer: Reword, turn number into bullet:

```suggestion
    * Open your project’s codespace directly, edit the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file, and rebuild the container with VS Code’s “Rebuild container” action. (<kbd>⌘</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on a Mac or <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on Windows, then search for “rebuild”.)
```

This still isn’t working for me; no `ddev` in the codespace’s Terminal and my made-up “Rebuild container” action doesn’t exist. Closest guesses are “Docker Containers: Restart” and “Docker Containers: Refresh” which don’t seem to do anything.

Author: Would be happy to take a look at this with you if you have a moment. Thanks for testing!

>     The updated `devcontainer.json`, no matter how you edit it, should have features like this. It may have more, but the `docker-in-docker` and `install-ddev` features should be there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Your updated `devcontainer.json` file may differ depending on your project, but you should have `docker-in-docker` and `install-ddev` in the `features` section:
```

=== "Codespaces"

    ## GitHub Codespaces

    You can use DDEV in remote [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces), skipping the requirement to run Docker locally.

    Start by [creating a new codespace](https://github.com/codespaces/new) for your project, or open an existing one. Next, edit the project configuration to add Docker-in-Docker support along with DDEV. Pick **one** of these methods:

    * Visit your project’s GitHub repository and click the _Code_ dropdown → _Codespaces_ tab → _..._ to the right of “Codespaces” → _Configure dev container_. This will open a `devcontainer.json` file you can edit with the details below.
        ![codespaces dev container](../../../images/codespaces_devcontainer.png)

>     * Open your project’s codespace directly, edit the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file, and rebuild the container with VS Code’s “Rebuild container” action. (<kbd>⌘</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on a Mac or <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on Windows, then search for “rebuild”.)

Reviewer: Fix label so the reader knows exactly what to look for:

```suggestion
    * Open your project’s codespace directly, edit the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file, and rebuild the container with VS Code’s “Codespaces: Rebuild Container” action. (<kbd>⌘</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on a Mac or <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> on Windows, then search for “rebuild”.)
```
